EQUIPMANT V2.0

HOW TO USE EQUIPMANT

	This program is pretty simple to use. So here's the basics:

	1. Open the program
	2. Enter your information (you have to manually type each piece of equipment,
	   tragic, i know...) Luckily, you can easily move between fields using the Tab
	   key to move forward (left to right, top to bottom) and shift + tab to move 
	   backward (right to left, bottom to top)
	3. Once all fields have been entered (some may be left blank if that's what you
	   wish), save your equipmant macro by either clicking the "Write File" button
	   in the "Edit" tab or by clicking File->Save or File->Save As... from the
	   menus.
	4. To open a macro that has been worked on, click File->Open and select your
	   file in the window dialog. The text fields should fill with your file's
	   contents immediately.
	5. Optionally add extra commands such as spell casting, job abilities and 
	   pause timers in the "Extra Data Bin" section at the bottom.


USING THE GENERATED EQUIPMENT FILES

	To use the files generated by this program you may do one of two things:
	1. Create a macro from the FFXI macro menu to execute the script. (PREFERRED METHOD)
	2. Bind a key to execute the commands through the windower, or


METHOD 1: MACRO CREATION THROUGH FINAL FANTASY XI

	To create a macro, open FFXI and enter the "Macro" menu (as if you were to
	create a regular macro for anything else). Give your macro a name int the top
	box, and then for the first line of your macro enter somethign like this:

	//exec StandUp.equip

	The double forward slash is a command added to the game by the FFXI Windower
	tool. It is an alias (abbreviation) for the /console command (also added to FF
	from the windower). So alternately you can type:

	/console exec StandUp.equip

	Either one of these will send the FFXI Windower the "exec" command which is
	used to run an external script file. This script file (the file generated
	by Equipmant) contains the windower commands for equipment changing.


METHOD 2: KEY BINDING THROUGH WINDOWER

	To bind a key in the windower, open FFXI and pop open the FFXI Windower console
	(The tilde (~) key by default).
	Type the command:

	bind [key] exec MYSCRIPT.equip

	where [key] is replaced by the key/combination you wish to use and
	MYSCRIPT.equip is the name of the file you're editing. Example:

	bind !v exec StandUp.equip

	will bind the ALT + V key to execute the equipment macro contained in the file
	StandUp.equip. You may notice that these key bindings will be erased once you
	exit Final Fantasy. This is normal. If you want these key bindings to be
	permanent, edit the file init.txt in the FFXIWindower\scripts folder, and add
	your bind command there.

	NOTE: this method will be least likely to succeed since updates in the FFXI
	game client can cause this function of the FFXI windower to break.

*** FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE SEE FULL DOCUMENTATION ***
	-> http://equipmant.sourceforge.net/doc.html
